ui: update readme with `make watch` clarification (#31817)
cockroachdb/cockroach: pkg/ui/README.md

requests for web resources (JavaScript, HTML, CSS) out of the code in this
directory, while proxying all API requests to the specified CockroachDB node.

> To use this proxy, in your root directory run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this proxy, in Cockroach's root directory run:
```

```shell
$ make ui-watch TARGET=<target-cluster-http-uri>
```

> or, in your pkg/ui directory run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or, in `pkg/ui` run:
```

```shell
$ make watch TARGET=<target-cluster-http-uri>
```

then navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to access the UI.

> To proxy to a cluster started up in secure mode, use this in your root directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To proxy to a cluster started up in secure mode, in Cockroach's root directory run:
```

```shell
$ make ui-watch-secure TARGET=<target-cluster-https-uri>
```

> or, use this in pkg/ui directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or, in `pkg/ui` run:
```

```shell

> make watch-secure TARGET=<target-cluster-https-uri> 

Reviewer: Tiny nit:
```suggestion
make watch-secure TARGET=<target-cluster-https-uri>
```
